it's the theme for the video today fuck
my life
I got suggested this and trailer called
The Exorcism of Emily Emily Rose and
just when I heard the word exorcism I
got scared
because I have this uh because like um
believing Christian like God but I had a
fear after I what I was what we called
the last exorcism I have been afraid of
being possessed by demons because I
think it's a burlesque everything and
then I got jazz this trailer called
Exorcism of Emily Rose and I've already
scared of it because there's something
with doing exist them and that's scared
me a little bit but let's see what it is
based on true story that's shit why
she believed that her actual possession
began that night awesome
I think she did I believe had to
epilepsy father Moore's beliefs are
based on superstition father wore asking
for any medical help
no because there are no injections
against the devil
oh my god I am so scared all those
things all that with honors I'm gonna
like I feel like wow I was watching it I
feel like something was like holy mother
I don't think of my wretched aging
because like I'm scared I and I feel
like something with you I'm scared
okay people keep seconds but please
nothing with exorcisms I get scared a
lot like when I saw the dilwynn side
trailer I also was like really really
scary nothing with exorcism I'm not even
going to consider it